Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Ifill: J.P. MORGAN CHASE
AGREED TO A RECORD SETTLEMENT
WITH THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
TODAY OVER MORTGAGE PRACTICES
THAT DROVE THE FINANCIAL CRISIS.
THE PRICE TAG: $13 BILLION.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD THIS TUESDAY,
PRESIDT OBENAMA PERSONALLY
APPEALED TO SENATORS TO HOLD OFF
ON ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS  IRAONN.
WE HAVE AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
WITH WHITE HOUSE NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER SUSAN RICE.
>> Ifill: AND WE REMEMBER ONE OF
AMERICAN HISTORY'S MOST REVERED
SPEECHES DELIVERED FOUR SCORE
AND 70 YEARS AGO TODAY, ABRAHAM
LINCOLN'S GETTYSBURG ADDRESS.
>> THE SPEECH IS POWERFUL IN
PART, I THINK, BECAUSE IT IS SO
DIRECT AND SO POETIC, AND THE
WORDS CARRY SO MUCH MEANING IN
SUCH A SHORT SPACE.
>> Ifill: THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.